In an abandoned house, there are two drunk
homeless men arguing about their miserable
life.
All of a sudden, the ground becomes shaking.
A human in a radiation suit comes up as the
floor splits out, saying “I come in peace”.
The two men are shocked and stunned.
Who is that man?
Why does he come from the underground?
This is Movie Shortens.
Follow us to the movie titled: Blast from
the past.
Beware, there are spoilers.
Now, let’s begin!
As the Soviet Union approaches, every household
in the United States is encouraged to construct
a secret fallout shelter during the year 1962.
Dr Calvin Webber is one of them.
He built a bomb shelter in the backyard.
During the Cuban missile crisis, he believes
that the issues are going to escalate.
He then takes his pregnant wife, Helen, into
the shelter.
At that moment, the pilot of a plane flying
overhead loses control, and the plane crashes
into their home.
Calvin assumes the bombing has come exactly
as he estimated.
The shelter's locks, which were designed not
to open for 35 years, are activated automatically
soon after that.
Calvin decides to spend the next 35 years
in this steel bunker to wait out the half-life
of radioactive contamination.
The authorities and neighbors believe that
the Webbers were killed in the crash.
Meanwhile underground, Calvin assists Helen
in giving birth to their baby boy Adam in
the shelter.
He applies the knowledge he has self-prepared
in advance.
Calvin is a genius because he transformed
the base into a fully functional area.
They have everything from electricity, TV
reruns, even plants.
There is also a huge mall and a fish tank
in the shelter, offering the family enough
food for years.
Adam is nursed in the love of his parents
day by day.
In 1965, a cafe is built above the shelter.
Meanwhile, Adam starts to dream about life
on the surface.
Calvin teaches him science, martial arts,
sports and even politics.
Helen, on the other hand, shares more social
skills to the boy including dancing, gentle
manners, and appealing girls.
In 1975, the cafe is turned into a pizzeria.
Down the ground, Calvin teaches Adam about
stock markets and different languages.
Adam appears to be a prodigy with a great
sense of humor.
Calvin gives Adam his baseball cards, which
apparently are limited back in the time.
Finally, the year of 1997 has come after 35
year hidden.
The shelter facility experience dramatically
degraded.
The auto-lock mode is also switched off.
The family shares the great moment together
after all these years, getting ready to go
up on the surface.
On a normal day on the surface, the ground
suddenly becomes shaking.
The two homeless men think of it as another
Earthquake.
However, Calvin comes up as planned from the
ground in a radiation suit.
His arrival shocks the homeless men.
Calvin can’t believe his house has changed
to an abandoned bar.
He sees in the present world strangely alters
to something he can’t imagine before.
He encounters many questionable people and
events as he returns to the surface.
Later at the base, Calvin tells Helen and
Adam that the humans were irradiated mutants.
The ground world is still dangerous to risk
coming back.
Calvin decides to stay in the bunker.
This turns Helen crazy.
She strongly objects to staying in the shelter
any longer.
Calvin suddenly has a heart attack and becomes
seriously ill.
At the same time, the supplies are running
out.
Helen thinks it is better to send Adam to
the ground and buy everything they need.
Adam packs everything to leave the shelter
for the very first time.
Calvin reminds Adam not to visit the adult
bookstore because it contains unseen toxic
gas.
Adam comes up in the homeless man’s surprise
again.
Adam is very excited to see the real sky for
the very first time.
When passing the adult store, Adam gets panicked
and quickly stays away from it, thinking it
toxic as told.
On the bus, Adam continues to speak from his
taught knowledge, but that obviously doesn't
seem normal to the present life.
People think he's crazy and give him an irritated
look.
Adam finally arrives at the grocery store.
A butcher who thinks that if Adam places a
large order, he can deliver it to Adam’s
house.
At this point, Adam realizes that he has forgotten
the way home.
Adam gets lost in the city.
He keeps looking for the abandoned house where
his shelter is located.
As running out of cash, Adam thinks it is
a good idea to sell his father's classic baseball
cards.
The shop owner learns Adam is a silly man
who offers the valuable cards for a surprisingly
cheap price.
Adam meets Eva, a shop’s assistant.
Eva helps Adam to expose the cheat owner.
She tells Adam that each of his cards costs
at least $6000, not $500 for the whole box.
Adam soon has a crush on Eva.
Eva then takes Adam out of the store and quits
her boring job.
When talking with Adam, he tells Eva that
he comes from Alaska.
Unaware of the value of money, Adam offers
two rare cards so Eva can drive him to the
hotel, where his mother told him to stay.
The following day, Eva decides to return the
cards to Adam, feeling guilty.
Adam asks Eva to help him buy supplies in
two weeks.
She’ll earn $1000/week.
Adam quickly has strong chemistry with Eva,
but she keeps ignoring him.
Everyday, Eva and Adam purchase the goods
as Helen listed.
Adam is supposed to store the supplies for
two years.
He also asks Eve to help him find a wife.
That woman should be in Pasadena, California,
and based on his mother's advice, a Pasadena’s
woman is not a mutation.
To get a wife, Adam is taught to drive a car.
Eva also asks her gay friend called Troy to
provide Adam advice about fashion for makeover.
Eva and Troy take Adam out for the skating,
which Adam has been longing for in the shelter.
Next, Adam has a chance to swim in the sea
for the first time.
He also watches a real baseball game in reality.
Even a rain seems to be a miracle to Adam.
When Eve agrees to be his first best friend,
Adam embraces her with appreciation.
At night, Eva and Troy take Adam to a disco
where Adam is supposed to get a wife.
Charming Adam soon finds a woman and starts
to chit-chat with her in French.
This irritates Eva although she keeps a distance
with Adam so far.
Adam wows the crowd with his dancing talent.
Jealous, Eve reunites with ex-boyfriend Cliff.
Adam interrupts the two which provokes Cliff
to attack Adam.
Now Adam has a chance to show his boxing skills,
which he was trained by his father every day.
Cliff gives up and leaves.
Later, she abandons Adam at the bar to go
home.
When Troy arrives home without Adam, Eva becomes
worried.
She rushes out to look for Adam, thinking
that he might get lost again.
However, Adam appears and scares Eva, making
her hurt in the knee.
While taking care of Eva’s injury, the two
confess their feelings to each other.
Adam tells Eva that he politely rejected those
women's requests because he could only think
of Eva.
Adam has his first kiss in life.
He decides to reveal his true identity to
Eva, telling her about his family and their
life in the shelter.
Adam hopes to take Eva to the bomb shelter
and live with his family.
However, Eva thinks Adam makes up the story
like a mad man.
She sends Adam to the hotel after that.
The day after, Adam finally finds the abandoned
bar where his shelter bases.
He quickly arrives at Eva's house to let her
know.
Here, Eva introduces Adam to a psychological
doctor, thinking Adam is under a mental problem.
Adam sadly says goodbye to Eva and Troy.
However, Adam quickly escapes from the doctors,
asking Eve and Troy to collect his belongings
and pay the hotel bill.
Adam reunites with his parents in the bunker
after two weeks away.
The homeless man follows him, saying that
he would help Adam to load the supplies down
in the shelter.
Later, other homeless people join in to carry
the goods down before Adam gets caught to
the mental center.
At Adam’s hotel room, Troy and Eva realize
Adam is not a crazy man.
They find his things are actually from the
60s.
Troy also finds valuable stock certificates
from IBM.
The true values are millions in the present.
Adam was telling the truth the whole time.
Troy takes Eva to the place where Adam passed
by this morning, hoping to meet Adam again.
However, they can’t find him.
When leaving, Eva accidentally sees Adam again,
who is rushing to the shelter.
They embrace and kiss.
At the moment, Calvin prepares to lock his
family inside again for 10 more years.
Adam takes Eva to see his parents.
Eva soon gets along well with Adam’s family.
Adam tells his parents that he needs to arrange
things with Eva before coming back to the
underground.
Calvin and Helen agree to let the shelter
lock for two months.
During this time, Adam and Eve sell his father’s
stocks.
Later, he builds his parents a new home in
the country.
It is identical to their house that was destroyed
in 1962.
Adam reveals there was never an atomic war.
There wasn't any bombing and instead was a
plane that had crashed into their house, and
the Soviet Union actually collapsed.
However, being unconvinced, Calvin plans to
build a new fallout shelter while Eve watches
him and plays with her engagement ring.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!